# RideShare

### User Must Follow these Rules
```diff
-Maps API key is restricted with SHA-1:
   You must install app using apk generated by Us only
  Thus one cannot use the Full Functionalities of the app if installed through their local machine.
- Password Length >= 6
- Location and Internet should be alway Enabled Prior Using the app
- Min Android Version :7
```

**Short Description On How to Use the App:**
<br>
Team No:5
<br>
This application functions as a ride-share platform ,where unknown users can share a ride who intends to travel along the same path.
<br>
When a User opens our App he needs to create a Account in our App.
<br>
If He already used our App he can directly login in to the app.
<br>
After that User can See two options.
>  New Ride

This is Where Our Users can post their travel plans when starting a new journey from Point A to Point B and is willing to help others who wants to travel in the same subset of path.
>**Share Ride**

This is Where the users who are seeking to connect with other users who are already enroute to their destination and are open to share their ride.
### Instructions For New Ride Section
When the user selects New Ride Option and is utilizing this feature for the first time he will be redirected to a page where user need to fill additional details to ensure safety.<br>
Else he will be redirected to Normal New Ride share section.<br>
User need to Enter his Start and Destination and Needs to Click On Post Button .This enables other potential customers who are seeking transportation to review and opt for the ride that aligns with their travel requirements.<br>This will be reflected in His Travel Details Page<br>Start and Destination Fields are be faciliated with AutoComplete Fragement to help user find the his Start and End Location.

### **Instructions For Share Ride Section**
When user needs help to move from his location to other ...He can enter his Start and End details ..A list of fellow travelers who are Moving along the same route will be presented to them. Subsequently, the user can select a fellow traveler with whom they feel at ease.
To Complete the Process,User need to Select the Options presented and then he will be redirected to his Travel Details page with the Updated Info..This will be Updated for Drivers Travel Details Page As well.<br>
Start and Destination Fields are be faciliated with AutoComplete Fragement to help user find the his Start and End Location.
When multiple paths are available user can select the the route in scroll View

### **Updating User Profile**
User can Update his name and other details in Profile Info Page available in Nav-bar.

### **Travel Details**
User can see the Updated travel details in Your Trips section available in Nav-bar.

### **Log Out**
User can Log Out On Selecting Log Out option Available in Nav-bar

<br>

